I only know that he is my husband
We still have a long way to go together
Do you think
I will make a woman who cheats
Enter my house
Aunt Lu, where did you come from?
Fortunately, he couldn't see the tears that inspired you
You shouldn't listen to one side of the guitar
My current ability is not bought by money
speak out
Noblemer's ears are false and seeing is believing
I want you to be optimistic about my ability.
What are you doing?
I don't have time.
I wanted to tell you that I married him
That person is not your sister
Nine times out of ten it caught my verve
Am I blaming him again?
Aunt Du, do you believe me now?
Aunt Wang, don't trust him
This is not a case at all
Who let you talk in my ear?
Gu Qianyuan, why are you so lucky every time?
Because I'm not like you
We never depend on anyone to live
I'm so embarrassed now
It's all sent by you